Update docs links (#7)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/linux-autotools-gitlab-ci-sc: README.adoc

> - https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/[Documentation of the C, C++ and Objective-C plugin and its Build Wrapper]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/[Documentation overview of the C, C++ and Objective-C analyzer]
```

- https://docs.sonarcloud.io/getting-started/gitlab/[Documentation of using SonarCloud with GitLab CI]

> - https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-family/prerequisites/#generating-a-compilation-database[Generating a compilation database]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-family/prerequisites/#generating-a-compilation-database[Generating a compilation database (compile_commands.json)]
- https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarcloud/advanced-setup/languages/c-family/running-the-analysis/[Running the analysis in Compilation Database mode]
```
